[doc, Q1'25-CQH] synthetic benchmarks documentation updates (#12814)
near/nearcore: docs/practices/workflows/benchmarking_synthetic_workloads.md

The tooling's [`justfile`](../../../benchmarks/synth-bm/justfile) contains recipes for the most relevant workflows.

> A typical workflow benchmarking the native token transfers using the above `justfile` would be something along the:

Author: Moved it to the `### Benchmark native token transfers` subsection and reshuffled things around to keep these reasonably close to the top of the file. PTAL

```command

> [t1]$ just init_localnet

Author: different terminals

[t1]$ just create_subaccounts
# apply the desired config modifications (see below)

> [t2]$ just run_localnet

Reviewer: `run_localnet` must be executed before `create_subaccounts`

Author: done

# set the desired tx rate and total volume in the justfile (see above)
[t1]$ just benchmark_native_transfers

> ```

Reviewer: I would make it two code blocks to give more details regarding unlimited config:

To benchmark native transfers with unlimited configuration:

```
# Remove .near as you will need to initialize localnet again.
rm -rf .near
# Modify the configuration as described in section "Un-limit configuration".
$ just init_localnet
$ just run_localnet
# With unlimited configuration you'll probably expect higher TPS, so you
# might want to modify --interval-duration-micros and --num-transfers.
$ just benchmark_native_transfers
```

Author: done. PTAL

Watch out! Running the `neard` via `just run_localnet` is going to pick whatever `release` executable currently compiled.

> So comparing different binaries one needs to be careful to (re-)compile the `neard` as needed.

Reviewer: Of course the workaround is placing your binaries somewhere else and point the justfile to them :)

Though I see that this can be confusing, so I'll change the default behavior in a separate PR. So I think you can remove these two sentences.

Reviewer: I'm for going with #12817 and removing these two sentences here, because I had some issues too with the justfile picking up `/target/release/neard`.

```command
cargo run --release -- benchmark-native-transfers --help
```
For the native transfer benchmark transactions are sent with `wait_until: None`, meaning the responses the `near_synth_bm` tool receives are basically just an ACK by the RPC confirming it received the transaction.
Thus the numbers reported by the tool as if in
```
[2025-01-27T14:05:12Z INFO  near_synth_bm::native_transfer] Sent 200000 txs in 6.50 seconds
[2025-01-27T14:05:12Z INFO  near_synth_bm::rpc] Received 200000 tx responses in 6.49 seconds
```

> are not directly indicative of the runtime performance.
> The number of transactions actually processed may be obtained by querying the `near_transaction_processed_successfully_total` metric, e.g. with: `http://localhost:3030/metrics | grep transaction_processed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not directly indicative of the runtime performance and transaction outcomes.
The number of transactions successfully processed may be obtained by querying the `near_transaction_processed_successfully_total` metric, e.g. with: `http://localhost:3030/metrics | grep transaction_processed`.
```

Following these steps so far creates a config that will throttle throughput due to various factors related to state witness size, gas/compute limits, and congestion control. In case you want to benchmark a node that fully utilizes its hardware, you can do the following modifications to effectively run with unlimited configuration:

> Config modifications need to be applied before running the `neard` (as in `just run_localnet`) for the first time. Otherwise one likely to run into initialization issues.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifications of `genesis.json` need to be applied before initializing the network with `just init_localnet`. Otherwise `just run_localnet` will fail. If you ran the node with default config and want to switch to unlimited config, the required steps are:

```console
# Remove .near as you will need to initialize localnet again.
rm -rf .near
# Modify the configuration.
$ just init_localnet
$ just run_localnet
```
```
